responding to a suicide, uh, is it's hard, um, and very emotional. Um,
when you are responding to a suicide, you have to make sure that you
are prepared, Um, by putting processes in place and plans in place,
um, here in the organization, we have different, uh, suicide awareness,
training and, uh, processes that the leadership has planned. And
we have to share all of that knowledge with our junior sailors up
and down the change up and down the chain. It is very important to
make sure that we are prepared for suicide. Um, because it is very emotional.
We would also allow the people who witnessed, um, the suicide,
um, allow them to grief, allow them thio a 10 chaplains, chaplains,
services and, uh, counseling sessions.